Now I would like to turn your attention to a few simple and
practical management tools and processes to help you get
jump-started in your new role as team leader.
Now a part of leadership is also providing the necessary and
appropriate tools and processes to help your team deliver
results for the organization.
Here is an overview of the topics for this section.
First,
I'll share with you a simple method to align your team to
your organization's business goals and then how to define
the team's work priorities.
Then I'll show you how to identify your daily tasks and
how to track and manage those tasks.
And lastly, I'll give you examples of how to build team skills,
ideas on motivating your team,
and why governance or common processes and standards are important. Now let's get started.